Check if all states are covered (#359)
Deltares/Wflow.jl: docs/src/changelog.md

- Total water storage as an export variable for `SBM` concept. This is the total water stored
  per grid cell in millimeters. Excluded from this variable are the floodplain, lakes and
  reservoirs.

> - Checks to see if all states are covered in the .toml. If not all states are covered, an error
>   is thrown. If there are more states then required specified, these states are ignored (with a
>   warning in the logging), and the simulation will continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks to see if all states are covered in the .toml file. If not all states are covered,
  an error is thrown. If there are more states specified than required, these states are
  ignored (with a warning in the logging), and the simulation will continue.
```
